README.md, before:

# week-4-Web-API-Quiz
## Description

This project uses html for structure, css for styling and javascript to add interactivity to the webpage. When the user loads the webpage they are first presented with a home screen welcoming them to the quiz. On this page they will see a large button to start the quiz and a navigation link to the highscores.html. When the user clicks on the start button they will see a question with 4 multiple choice options to select from and a timer counting down from 75 seconds. If the user selects the correct answer they will see a message saying "Correct!✅" for one second, they will hear a noise assigned for correct answers and their score will increment. If the user clicks the incorrect after they will see this message "Incorrect❎" for one second, they will her a noise assigned for incorrect answers, 5 seconds will be deducted from the timer and their score will stay the same. The lowest score a player can achieve is 0 and the highest is 5. Once a question is complete the quiz will automatically show the next question and options. Once the play has answered all 5 coding questions, or if the timer reaches 0 the quiz will end. Once the game is over players are told their total score and are encouraged to leave their initials in the input box. They can then press the button to save their score which is saved in local storage and is displayed in the highscore.html along with other player's results. To access the highscores.html the user can click on the "✨Highscores✨" navigation link at any point. The player is also presented with a play again option at the end of the quiz, when pressed the quiz automatically starts again. The highscores page also has a navigation link back to the quiz which will redirect the user back to the starting page welcoming them to the quiz.

This webpage includes navigation links, header, heading, buttons, lists, main, div and section elements. All of which are styled using CSS. This page has been given a space theme to make the quiz more fun and asthetically pleasing for the viewer. A purple and pink galaxy background has been added to both html codes, emojis have been used to make text stand out, bright green has been used to hover over buttons so they stand out. The highscore.html the heading and navigation link has been styled as an abstract ufo with an animation on the tractor light changing colours where the intials and scores are listed. The list elements of the participants and their scores have been styled differently so that it is easier to see the participants initials. 

The picture below shows the main quiz on index.html:

![A screenshot of the coding quiz, consiting of a timer within the purple header, a question and options for the user to choose from, a link to the highscores page with a pink background and a space themed background.](/assets/screenshot-quiz.png)


https://robyn-smith.github.io/week-4-Web-API-Quiz/

Commit message:

added another picture to read me

README.md, after:

# week-4-Web-API-Quiz
## Description

This project uses html for structure, css for styling and javascript to add interactivity to the webpage. When the user loads the webpage they are first presented with a home screen welcoming them to the quiz. On this page they will see a large button to start the quiz and a navigation link to the highscores.html. When the user clicks on the start button they will see a question with 4 multiple choice options to select from and a timer counting down from 75 seconds. If the user selects the correct answer they will see a message saying "Correct!✅" for one second, they will hear a noise assigned for correct answers and their score will increment. If the user clicks the incorrect after they will see this message "Incorrect❎" for one second, they will her a noise assigned for incorrect answers, 5 seconds will be deducted from the timer and their score will stay the same. The lowest score a player can achieve is 0 and the highest is 5. Once a question is complete the quiz will automatically show the next question and options. Once the play has answered all 5 coding questions, or if the timer reaches 0 the quiz will end. Once the game is over players are told their total score and are encouraged to leave their initials in the input box. They can then press the button to save their score which is saved in local storage and is displayed in the highscore.html along with other player's results. To access the highscores.html the user can click on the "✨Highscores✨" navigation link at any point. The player is also presented with a play again option at the end of the quiz, when pressed the quiz automatically starts again. The highscores page also has a navigation link back to the quiz which will redirect the user back to the starting page welcoming them to the quiz.

This webpage includes navigation links, header, heading, buttons, lists, main, div and section elements. All of which are styled using CSS. This page has been given a space theme to make the quiz more fun and asthetically pleasing for the viewer. A purple and pink galaxy background has been added to both html codes, emojis have been used to make text stand out, bright green has been used to hover over buttons so they stand out. The highscore.html the heading and navigation link has been styled as an abstract ufo with an animation on the tractor light changing colours where the intials and scores are listed. The list elements of the participants and their scores have been styled differently so that it is easier to see the participants initials. Both pages are also responsive to changes in screen size supporting accessibility.

The picture below shows the main quiz on index.html:

![A screenshot of the coding quiz, consiting of a timer within the purple header, a question and options for the user to choose from, a link to the highscores page with a pink background and a space themed background.](/assets/screenshot-quiz.png)


The picture below shows the highscores.html:

![A screenshot of the highscore.html, consiting of a ufo containing a large underlined heading and a navigation link, and a tractor beam comtaining the participants names with their scores below.](/assets/screenshot-highscores.png)


https://robyn-smith.github.io/week-4-Web-API-Quiz/
